Remove route from NavNative Navigator when transition from out of Active Guidance (#3652)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Added the `RouterDelegate.router(_:initialManeuverBufferWhenReroutingFrom:)` method and related `NavigationServiceDelegate` and `NavigationViewControllerDelegate` methods to configure rerouting buffering. ([#3454](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3454))
* Added `RouterDelegate.router(_:requestBehaviorForReroutingWith:)` and related `NavigationServiceDelegate` and `NavigationViewControllerDelegate` methods to provide customization for rerouting mechanism by providing a user-defined route as a reroute. ([#3472](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3472))

### Location tracking

> * Fixed an issue where the transition from Active to Passive navigation didn't update underlying Navigator properly. It is a programmer error to have more than one active RouteController simultaneously. ([#3652](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3652))

Reviewer: Should we have this disclaimer here about simultaneous instances? 
And it sounds a bit strange to me. Maybe this is better?
```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the transition from Active to Passive navigation didn't update underlying Navigator properly. It is an integration issue to have more than one active RouteController simultaneously. ([#3652](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3652))
```

Author: > And it sounds a bit strange to me. Maybe this is better?

This is a commonly used phrase. For example, take a look on this Apple documentation: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/watchconnectivity/wcsessionactivationstate/wcsessionactivationstateinactive?changes=_2_6&language=objc

Author: > Should we have this disclaimer here about simultaneous instances?

Isn't "It is a programmer error to have more than one active RouteController simultaneously." enough?

Reviewer: Nevermind, I'm okay with this text, just didn't get the reason why dow we mention it here.

Author: I have a follow up PR that will add a documentation entry related to this requirement. If this change is accepted at all.

* Extracted `MapboxNavigationNative_Private` usage into a type alias to fix a compilation in Xcode 12.4. ([#3662](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3662))

### Location tracking

> * Fixed an issue where dismissing `NavigationViewController` didn't update underlying Navigator properly. If you use `RouteController` or `NavigationService` outside of `NavigationViewController` you should call `RouteController.removeRoute(completion:)` at the end of the navigation. ([#3652](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3652))

Reviewer 2: Navigator is an implementation detail:

```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where dismissing `NavigationViewController` could cause `RouteController` to crash or `PassiveLocationProvider` to behave like active turn-by-turn navigation. If you use `RouteController` or `NavigationService` outside of `NavigationViewController` you should call `RouteController.removeRoute(completion:)` at the end of the turn-by-turn navigation session. ([#3652](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3652))
```

Author: Thanks
